Hello children
I 'm back garden today we will
A supercool castle was built
built and used earlier in the Middle Ages
around queens queens and princesses
to protect against attacking armies
as soon as an army arrived, the gates were opened
open it all in the box
could protect and then closed
if the army could pull off the
gates are reopened and all
could go outside
because the walls are so tall and thick
and everyone was safe
it was protected by the super
To build a cool castle you need the following
materials and tools
if you have all the materials and tools
Together you have found yours once
cut out the pictures
once you have cut out everything
we can start tinkering with the castle
take your glue stick and glue yours
coat of arms on the bank
in the manual is that you also the
walls of your castle on your muesli carton
The walls can become sticky
extra firm but you do not have to
do
the walls are also without the cardboard
now you stick the roof of the towers in
this cone shape ensures that the
Roofs are the same height as the towers
afterwards are at the same height
Then you make the four towers in the
her the paper cylinder shaped
set if you with the towers
finished you can start the
fold your turn to fold
You just have to have those little ones
folding black lines on the walls
simply passes them as to
Now you have the wall Neuerburg towers
built and at the same time the
basis of your castle the two short ones
Parts are for the sides of your castle
this long part is for the back
and this piece here with the gate in front
on it is the front of your castle
now we have the towers to the
bring the right things
For that we give the turn to the towers
the castle
as I said you can here
like also the walls by cardboard of
reinforce your cereal packaging but
it's not necessary
and always think about enough glue
use around the different parts
neatly stick to each other now
It is important that the drawbridge
is cut
so she can go up and down like that
just as great
Now comes a bit of glue up here
on it and already we can the roofs
Sticking the towers presses the roof now
so in the right place exactly the same
can you now for the other towers
do
and we're done with the couple
you can share your extra here
Decorate castle as you like
Now I can make my princess
The easiest way is when you put them in
the middle once kinks then I click
the change
make glue on the surface
and stick it on
Now we have our princess and
our castle is ready you can the gate
open the princess bring that in
close the gate and start over
play
very easily
I hope you had fun with this castle
to tinker with today and I hope you soon
to see again in the board world
bye